the LP ad measures photosynthetically
active radiation and leaf area index
it's one of the most practical
instruments we make and it was made with
the researcher in mind for 27 years dr.
Khan has been developing and
manufacturing different versions of Li
instruments to be reliable in the field
the LP ad is the latest product of our
enduring efforts you need good data and
an instrument that isn't going to slow
you down the LP ad fits the bill
we designed the LVAD for field research
it's rugged accurate and practical
there's nothing fiddly that you have to
attach or adjust you can use it at any
time of day even with direct Sun without
taking special measures to block
incoming radiation or remeasure under
different light conditions it's fast
less than a second between when you
press the button and when it takes a
reading which can be important when you
have limited field time it weighs less
than a pound making a less burdensome to
travel or hike with this is also useful
when plotting out transect and taking
measurements at various intervals which
will accurately represent transmission
in a row crop or forest camping all
instruments that measure leaf area index
by measuring light instead of measuring
the actual area of each leaf is pretty
much the same theory they all require
above and below can't be measurements
which you can do manually or using an
external sensor we include one with your
instrument the differences come and how
these different instruments measure
light transmission the LP 80 has 80
photo diodes on the probe that measure
radiation in the four hundred seven
hundred millimeter band all the
photosynthetically active radiation in
the canopy where the Parr falls on the
wand it gets registered this design is
what makes the LP 80 both accurate and
affordable
in fact it's the real deal proved an
instrument that has given researchers
reliable data time and time again no
matter what challenges your research
poses the LP ad has got your back